Cloud computing makes it possible to launch your applications as
fully scalable from the start by implementing a service called auto scaling.
Auto scaling is a term used to describe the automatic changes that add or remove
compute resources in order to maintain stable performance and control costs.
The auto scaling service monitors your applications and adjust compute resources
based on predefined criteria to make sure that
the application has the capacity it needs to serve demand.
When demand decreases, it scales the resources back
in to ensure compute resources are not idle and costs are controlled.
Auto scaling in the Cloud is described in terms of vertical or scaling up and down,
and horizontal or scaling out and in.
Vertical auto scaling is a process of adding more resources to the system,
like memory or CPU.
In AWS terms, it would be moving to a larger instance.
Horizontal scaling is the process of adding
more nodes or workers to increase compute resources.
In AWS terms, it would mean adding more EC2 instances.
You can configure scaling for all AWS resources,
from the Auto scaling interface.
The services you can configure are EC2,
EC2 Spot Fleets, ECS,
Dynamo DB, and AWS Aurora.